[docs][control-plane-manager] Add information about backup and restore etcd-server keys and certificates (#2105)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-control-plane-manager/docs/FAQ.md

done
```

In the current directory etcd snapshot file `etcd-backup.snapshot` will be created from one of an etcd cluster members.
From this file, you can restore the previous etcd cluster state in the future.

> We also recommend that you make a backup of the directory `/etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd` where [access keys and certificates](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.5/op-guide/security/) of the etcd-server are located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, we recommend you backup the `/etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd` directory, where [access keys and certificates](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.5/op-guide/security/) of the etcd-server are located.
```

done
```

In the current directory etcd snapshot file `etcd-backup.snapshot` will be created from one of an etcd cluster members.
From this file, you can restore the previous etcd cluster state in the future.

> Also, we recommended to make a backup of the directory `/etc/kubernetes` which contains the manifests and configuration of the [control-plane components](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#control-plane-components)
> and [Kubernetes cluster PKI](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/best-practices/certificates/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, we recommend making a backup of the `/etc/kubernetes` directory which contains:
- manifests and configurations of [control-plane components](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#control-plane-components)
- [Kubernetes cluster PKI](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/best-practices/certificates/).
```
